Oh, the emperor doesn't know anything?
Although the empress can't go out
But asked the guards to help spread the news saying oh
Lenggong sells all kinds of snacks.
Maybe those popsicle smoothies the Empress used to make were so delicious
Good guy, after everyone heard it, they went to the cold palace to buy it one after another?
Even the Empress Dowager asked Mammy Li to go to the cold palace to buy a lot of food and drink at night
Forbidden clan still dares to do business in the palace
I really thought I wouldn't punish him
The emperor has beaten you since you banned people
I haven't slept well for several nights
He said he would punish people again.
It's not you who are uncomfortable
Pardon me?
Ouch, what's wrong with the emperor?
Are you in a bad mood?
It's okay, why did the Empress Dowager come suddenly?
Hot weather
It gets cooler in the evening.
Come out for a walk
I just asked Mammy Li to go to the cold palace and buy some iced juice.
Would the emperor like to have a taste?
I don't drink that stuff
I look at the emperor's impatient appearance
Is on fire
Why don't I buy you two popsicles and come back to eat?